*** What is a Product Development Strategy and Why is it Important?
When creating a new product as a product manager, there are many moving parts which occur simultaneously and require clear and organized communication in order to work well together. This can come from different cross organizational teams working on different parts of the project in isolated divisions. Thus a clear plan to set the path forward is critical to the success of a product. teams 

the common stages involve organizing and overseeing cross functional teams through these stages of the product life cycle:

identifying a product concept
collecting data and feedback about the idea
creating a MVP
testing the product 
launching the product 
Adjusting based on analytics 


A product development strategy is created by the product management team to be the step-by-step plans involved in propelling the product forward at each stage of its lifecycle. It also highlights the priorities, goals, and limitations of the project in order to set clear boundaries for the cross functional teams when questions arise. 

The PDS also takes into account factors such as market trends, user feedback, and competitive products to ensure the greatest product-market fit. 

Creating an informed product development strategy is critical to the success of the product because it aligns cross-functional teams around a shared set of priorities and goals. This will help these teams make better informed decisions when unexpected situations arise. For example if there is a predefined PDS in place, then when users are confused with a minor feature during the collecting feedback stage of the product life cycle, the design team will know to put that on hold in order to focus on a bigger feature given the time outlined in the PDS. Additionally, with the priorities that a PDS outlines, this allows for greater internal organization clarity, such as knowing which resources to allocate to what teams, and more accurate timeframe estimates. This in turn allows for more clear communication with external stakeholders such as the company leaders, clients, and partners. 
