TF-IDF stands for term frequency inverse document frequency. This is a method used in statistics and machine learning that is able to calculate how relevant a word is to a document when compared against a collection of documents.

Specific to sklearn.feature_extraction.text.TfidfVectorizer, it multiplies 2 metrics.

  1. How many times a word appears within a document of interest.
  2. The inverse document frequency of the selected word across a massive corpus of documents.

This is a very fundamental feature often used in Natural Language Processng and helps to get words of interest within machine learning.

This process was invented to address issues in automated document searching. For example, common words like "and", "where", and "then" would be so frequent across all documents that it will be phased out of processing. But if one document focuses on transportation, words such as "public", "transit", and "streetcar" would appear much more frequently in this document compared to others which allows the algorithm to identify the document's most relevant words which we can extract to perform additional processing on.

Instructions:

1. Begin by installing the python library scikit-learn. This can be done through the pip installer with the command:

    pip install scikit-learn

  It can also be manually installed through your python IDE

2. Import the library into your program

    from sklearn.feature_extraction.text import TfidfVectorizer

3. Create the TfidfVectorizer object:

    tfidf_vectorizer = TfidfVectorizer()

    There are many parameters and inputs you can use and adjust within the brackets. 
    They can all be found through the documentation linked above.

4. Fit and transform the data

    tfidf_matrix = tfidf_vectorizer.fit_transform(your_documents)

    #comment about what does your_documents mean

5. The complete TF-IDF matrix can be seen in the tfidf_matrix variable. This can be outputted into a dataframe using the pandas library
   or otherwise and the results can be displayed and interpreted for your program.

By following these instructions, you can effectively use TF-IDF with the TfidfVectorizer in scikit-learn to preprocess your text data for various machine learning tasks such as classification, 
clustering, or information retrieval.


Documentation can be seen here: https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.feature_extraction.text.TfidfVectorizer.html 
